Improve Peblar documentation (#38839)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/peblar.markdown

ha_quality_scale: platinum
---

> The Peblar {% term integration %} brings your [Peblar Rocksolid EV Charger] into your smart home ecosystem, transforming how you manage electric vehicle charging. This powerful integration allows you to monitor charging status in real-time, track energy consumption, control charging behavior, and seamlessly incorporate your EV charging data into your Home Assistant energy dashboard—giving you complete visibility and control over your vehicle's charging process.

Author: ```suggestion
The Peblar {% term integration %} integrates the [Peblar Rocksolid EV Charger] into your smart home ecosystem. It enables real-time monitoring of charging status, tracking energy consumption, controlling charging behavior, and integrating EV charging data into the Home Assistant energy dashboard.
```

Host:
  description: The hostname or IP address of your Peblar charger on your home network.
Password:
  description: The password used to log in to the Peblar device's local web interface.
{% endconfiguration_basic %}

The above configuration can also be adjusted later via {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %}, click {% icon "mdi:dots-vertical" %} and select **Reconfigure**.

## Supported functionality

> The Peblar integration brings comprehensive EV charging functionality to your smart home. It exposes a variety of entities that let you monitor, control, and automate your charging sessions. Below is a complete overview of the entities this integration provides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is a complete overview of the entities this integration provides.
```
Since this is already state this both on the integration description and the uses cases sections, I would keep this one simpler to avoid repetition.
